ERP GLOCAL

Glocal is  erp in which have two type of university, first one is vocational university & skill type of university. 
also I would like to tell you that the vocational is a duration based course like Medical lab technology  and second last is skill type of university in which we provide the monthly basis and yearly basis  course like diploma in pre-primary teacher training course.

there are many modules like academic, admission, settings, accounts, users, LMS settings

so mainly I have worked on academic and users, accounts,  LMS setting module

I would like to explain about like

Firstly we create the setting for panel like what's the  
1. admission type like - fresher, lateral , or credit transfer  on behalf of the we decide the course duration.
2. mode - like the course type will be monthly , yearly or semester wise.
3. we add the scheme - scheme is suppose you are pass out in 2023 and you are fail in a subject so you have to find out the course fee and subjects syllabus according to the pass out year so that it help to find out the details.
4. admission session-  in this module, generally we create the admission session where we  also declare the which admission session is current session.
5. exam session- we create the exam session on behalf of admission session, admission type and course duration.
6. fee structure - we define the late fee, course fee, examination fee, registration fee on behalf of center ids.( when that center will login the panel a  notification will pop-up with the fee and also when the students punch  under the center that time ledger will generated according to these fee type.).

Academic-
In this module we add the department, program, specialization
 we add the department like it, medical , skill, in that type of department we create the program , specialization - 
suppose aktu university have  program like b-tech, b-pharama and all and there programe we add the specialization like computer science & enginnering, civil enginnering  and alls
we add the specialization according to the admission type like lateral , freser, credit transerfer and also we add the like which type of  graducation is complasry.

now come to the Users module-
users module is the   impotant module.
- In this module we add the university head, operations, accountant, counsellor, sub-counsellor, center, sub-center
each users has them own role and responsibility.

- University head as define by the name of like he is universy head( we allot the university access like which university is accessible for that particular user)

- under the university user we create the  we create the the operation and allot them to university head 
the main role of operation is to verify the data.

- now come to the counselor part - i would like to let you know like in my current company has another department of sales, so they work as cpounsellor  and them team
the main role of counselors are to find the center and the so that center can punch the admissions.

-Center is a main part of the users 
basically we allot the university, course and subcourse fee for a particular center so that the can punch the admission.
center have them own login panel where center can punch the admission and procced the students.
when a student punch that time them student ledger have been generated according to them fee.
after punching center pay the fee of students in two modes- first one is offline mode and the second one is online mode.
before that i would like to tell a important part of the payment-
if center is proccedd=ing the students then firstily cemter has to be add the amount in them wallet
so basically  center add the amount in two mode like in online and in offiline .

Now comes to the account section-
in account section have - wallet payment, offilen payment student ledger, center ledger.
so in the center ledger- center select the student and procced them for paying them fees through offline and wallet mode.
so basically here i managed the three type of status-  not processed, pending and proceed.
after that student document review and enrolled for the university so that also  students can access the learning management system.

now comes to the LMS SETTINGS-
in this module basically we upload the subject , notes, assignments, videos, e-books,notifications and results and all
and generate the result of students.

Studnets lms-
Students have them own learning management system where we provide the admit card , id card, dateseetss,e-boks, viedos, notes, and they can also  submit them assignments get the real time notification in notification section, also we provide the exam form that they can procced for the exams.


if I will talk about my role and respnsibiley so that i have generated this sytem so that 

in that panel i  faced the problem to  manage the users on login of university head, counselloer, sub-counselloers allotted users.
and i resolved it by managing allotment users and giving structred table for the allotment.

2. when the students legers have been generated and that how will i mange them fee like late fee , course fee and all
3. i also faced the issue to get manage the wallet management  to pay the fee of students.
4.  i also faced the issue to generate the results of students because each time requrments are updateing so that time i porepare a case like what are the posibilty to upload and generate the  result like fail and pass.




 
  









